Acd 693 (#44)
Actindo-AG/Documentation: Fulfillment/Operation/02_CheckShipment.md

[!!User Interface Dispatch notes](../UserInterface/01a_List.md)

# Check a shipment

Once a dispatch note has been received, the fulfiller sends back a notification at every stage of the fulfillment process. The shipment status is then updated accordingly in the *Actindo Core1 Platform*. All shipment-related details provided by the fulfiller, such as tracking number or tracking link, can be checked in the *Actindo Core1 Platform*.  

## Check the shipment status

The shipment status can be checked in the list of dispatch notes. Even though dispatch note status and shipment status are related, they are updated independently from each other.

#### Prerequisites

A dispatch note has been generated. 

#### Procedure

*Fulfillment > Dispatch notes > Tab LIST*

![Dispatch notes](../../Assets/Screenshots/Fulfillment/DispatchNotes/DispatchNotes.png "[Dispatch notes]")

> Check the shipment status in the *Shipment status* column. The following options are available:
>   - ![Cross](../../Assets/Icons/Cross02.png "[Cross]") (Cross)   
>     No shipment has been arranged yet.  
> 
>   - ![Circular arrows](../../Assets/Icons/CircularArrows.png "[Circular arrows]") (Circular arrows)   
>     The shipment is in progress. For more information on the specific stage of the shipment process, see [Check the shipment details](#check-the-shipment-details). 
> 
>   - ![Double check](../../Assets/Icons/DoubleCheck.png "[Double check]") (Double check)    
>   	The shipment has been delivered.
> 
>   - ![Error](../../Assets/Icons/Warning02.png "[Error]") (Error)    
>     The shipment has given an error. A shipment is set to error only when the fulfiller reports an error due to a number of reasons. For detailed information, see [Handle an error status](../Troubleshooting/01_HandleErrorStatus.md). 
> 
>   - Empty  
>     No information on the shipment status has been received from the fulfiller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the shipment status in the *Shipment status* column. The following options are available:
  - ![Cross](../../Assets/Icons/Cross02.png "[Cross]") (No shipment)   
    No shipment has been arranged yet.  
  - ![Circular arrows](../../Assets/Icons/CircularArrows.png "[Circular arrows]") (In progress)   
    The shipment is in progress. For more information on the specific stage of the shipment process, see [Check the shipment details](#check-the-shipment-details). 
  - ![Double check](../../Assets/Icons/DoubleCheck.png "[Double check]") (Delivered)    
  	The shipment has been delivered.
  - ![Error](../../Assets/Icons/Warning02.png "[Error]") (Error)    
    The shipment has failed. A shipment is faulty only if the fulfiller reports an error due to a number of reasons. For detailed information, see [Handle an error status](../Troubleshooting/01_HandleErrorStatus.md). 
  - Empty  
    No information on the shipment status has been received from the fulfiller.
```

## Check the shipment details

The shipment details provided by the fulfiller can be accessed from the list of dispatch notes. 

#### Prerequisites

The shipment status is at least ![Circular arrows](../../Assets/Icons/CircularArrows.png "[Circular arrows]") (Circular arrows), that is, in progress, in the list of dispatch notes, see [Check the shipment status](#check-the-shipment-status).

#### Procedure

*Fulfillment > Dispatch notes > Tab LIST*

![Dispatch notes](../../Assets/Screenshots/Fulfillment/DispatchNotes/DispatchNotes.png "[Dispatch notes]")

> 1. Click the dispatch note related to the shipment you want to check. Alternatively, you can click the checkbox of a dispatch note and the [VIEW] button in the editing toolbar.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the dispatch note that contains the shipment you want to check.   
```

    The *Dispatch note "Dispatch note ID"* view is displayed. The *Attributes* tab is preselected by default.

    ![Dispatch note ID](../../Assets/Screenshots/Fulfillment/DispatchNotes/DispatchNoteAttributes.png "[Dispatch note ID]")

2. Select the *Shipments* tab.  
    All shipments included in the dispatch note are displayed.

    ![Shipments](../../Assets/Screenshots/Fulfillment/DispatchNotes/DispatchNoteShipments.png "[Shipments]")

3. Click the shipment to be checked.  

>     The *Shipment ID* view is displayed. The *ATTRIBUTES* sub-tab is preselected by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The *Shipment "Shipment ID"* view is displayed. The *ATTRIBUTES* sub-tab is preselected by default.
```

    ![Shipment ID](../../Assets/Screenshots/Fulfillment/DispatchNotes/ShipmentsAttributesAttributes.png "[Shipment ID]")

4. Select the *PACKAGES* sub-tab.  
    The package(s) included in the shipment are displayed. 

    ![Shipment packages](../../Assets/Screenshots/Fulfillment/DispatchNotes/ShipmentsPackages.png "[Shipment packages]")

> 5. The following shipment-related details, among others, are available:   
>     - If desired, check the shipment tracking number in the *Tracking number* column.
>     - If desired, check the URL for tracking in the *Tracking link* column.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If desired, check the following shipment-related details:   
    + Check the shipment tracking number in the *Tracking number* column.
    + If desired, check the URL for tracking in the *Tracking link* column.  
```
Der Satz ist kein Step, erst die Aufzählung. Daher entweder wie vorgeschlagen, oder irgendwie anders anpassen.

>     > [Info] The fields (attributes) displayed vary depending on the fulfiller's driver.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > [Info] The fields displayed vary depending on the fulfiller's driver.  
```

> 6. Click a package to display the individual items contained.  
>     The *Items* window is displayed listing all items contained in the selected package.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Click a package to display the individual items contained.  
    The *Items* window is displayed.  
```
Doppelt gemoppelt.

  
   ![Package items](../../Assets/Screenshots/Fulfillment/DispatchNotes/Items.png "[Package items]")

> 7. The following item-related details, among others, are available: 
>     - If desired, check an item SKU number in the *SKU* column.  
>       The SKU can be useful to locate a product in the *PIM* module and check its inventory in the *Warehouse* module.
>     - If desired, check the amount of an item contained in the package in the *Amount* column.
>     - If available, you can also check an item serial number in the *Serial number* column.
> 
>     > [Info] The fields (attributes) displayed vary depending on the fulfiller's driver.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. If desired, check the following item-related details: 
    + Check the item SKU number in the *SKU* column.  The SKU can be useful to locate a product in the *PIM* module and check its inventory in the *Warehouse* module.
    + Check the amount of an item contained in the package in the *Amount* column.
    + Check the item serial number in the *Serial number* column if available.

    > [Info] The fields displayed vary depending on the fulfiller's driver.  
```
s.o.

> 8. Press *Esc* to close the *Item* window.  
>   The *PACKAGES* tab is displayed again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Press the **Esc** key.  
  The *Item* window is closed and the *PACKAGES* tab is displayed again.
```

[comment]: <> (Kein CLOSE oder CANCEL button in Items Fenster. Bug gemeldet am 15.02.23. Evtl. nicht gefixed bis neuer UI. Alternativ außerhalb des Fensters klicken, dann verschwindet/schließt es auch.)

> 9. Click the [BACK] button on the upper right corner of the *PACKAGES* sub-tab to go back to the *PACKAGES* view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Click the [BACK] button on the upper right corner of the *PACKAGES* sub-tab to go back to the *PACKAGES* view.
```
```suggestion
9. Click the [BACK] button in the upper right corner of the *PACKAGES* sub-tab.   
  The *Shipments* tab is displayed again.
```

>     If needed, repeat the steps **6** and **7** to check other packages contained in the shipment. 

Reviewer: Entweder als step oder als info. Aber nicht einfach so.
Checken, welche Schritte dann wiederholt werden müssten. Ich glaube, es sind mehr, als nur 6 und 7...

> 10. Click the [CLOSE] button on the right upper corner of the *Dispatch note "Dispatch note ID"* view.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Click the [CLOSE] button in the upper right corner of the *Dispatch note "Dispatch note ID"* view.  
```

>     The *Dispatch note ID* view is closed. The list of dispatch notes is displayed again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The *Dispatch note "Dispatch note ID"* view is closed. The list of dispatch notes is displayed again.
```
